After completing your final project, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Project title / one sentence description:
Mealicious - Search and display recipes

2. The Heroku URL for your web application:
https://w14-prove.herokuapp.com/

3. The GitHub URL for your source code repository:
https://github.com/routy/cse-341-node/tree/master/weeks/14/prove

4. Please provide a brief description of what your project does and how to use the application. Make sure to include any required information like a username and password.
Mealicous connects with TheMealDB API to provide access to recipes. Users are initially presented with a search interface
that allows them to select a food category or to search via searchbox. Any matching recipes are displayed to the user for 
selection. The user can then choose to 'heart' a recipe, which will be stored in a browser cookie for future visits, or 
they can view the recipe details. Details include an ingredients list, detailed recipe, and an image of the dish.

5. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
All features are functional.


--------------------------------
Project Self-assessment
--------------------------------

For each of the following requirements, please replace the "(YES/NO)" with either "YES" or "NO" as to whether or not your work met this requirement.

Requirements
------------
(YES) 1. Your web application is running in Heroku.
(YES) 2. Your latest source code is in GitHub.
(YES) 3. Your web application is hosted on Node.js.
(YES) 4. Your web application exposes one or more web services in Node.js.
(YES) 5. Your web application consumes one or more of your web services from the browser.
(YES) 6. Your web application has a data layer of either a database or third-party web service.

For each of the following criteria, please replace the "(1-5)" with either the "1", "2", "3", "4", or "5" category you feel best describes your work.

Categories
----------
1 - Some attempt was made
2 - Developing, but significantly deficient
3 - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
4 - Meets requirements
5 - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

Criteria
----------
(5) 1. Professional look and feel.
(5) 2. Accomplishes a meaningful/interesting task.
(5) 3. Demonstrates skill with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
(5) 4. Demonstrates skill with Node.js.
(5) 5. Demonstrates skill with Express.
(5) 6. Demonstrates skill with web services.
(5) 7. Demonstrates skill with client/server communication.
(5) 8. Overall project evaluation.

9. Finally, please provide an overall description/justification of the categories you selected.

Application was developed as a SPA, ensuring that only new content is loaded into the view rather than
reloading the full page contents. The application leverages the bootstrap framework to provide a simple, 
modern interface for interacting with the application. The application fulfills all project requirements 
and exposes functionality beyond them. For example, the addition of the 'Favorites' feature that allows 
users to save a recipe they liked as one of their favorites allows for users to easily see which recipes 
they have liked previously, without the need to require the user to create an account or login. None of 
the features are half-baked and all come fully functional. 
